docs: refine jwt acl example (#2544)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/access-control/authz/authz.md

Placeholders can be used as topic segments, like `a/b/${username}/c/d`.

> To avoid placeholder interpolation, starting from 5.4, one may escape `$` as `${$}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid placeholder interpolation, starting from version 5.4, you can escape `$` as `${$}`.
```

> To avoid placeholder interpolation, starting from version 5.4, you can escape `$` as `${$}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid placeholder interpolation, starting from EMQX 5.4, you can escape `$` as `${$}`.
```

> For example `t/${$}{username}` is treated as `t/${username}` literally, without interpolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `t/${$}{username}` is treated as `t/${username}` literally, without interpolation.
```

> For example, `t/${$}{username}` is treated as `t/${username}` literally, without interpolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `t/${$}{username}` is treated as `t/${username}` literally without interpolation, rather than the topic name with `username` replaced.
```

::: tip
`eq` syntax is to match exactly a topic filter, but not any topic which matches the filter.
For example, `eq t/#` matches `t/#`, but not `t/1` or `t/2` and so on.

> Note that the topic following `eq` does not support placeholder interpolation, and this behaviour may change in future versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the topic following `eq` does not support placeholder interpolation, and this behavior can change in future versions.
```
